I know that you think that you're being
more peaceful, less confrontational, and
more likable when you forgive people,
giving them the second, the third, 177th
chance because that makes you more easy
to get along with. The reality is you
look like an idiot. Hi guys and welcome
back to my channel. My name is Michaela
and today I want to talk about seven
ways how men are testing you before they
start to respect you and how you can
pass those tests. Let's get into this.
First test I want to talk about is
inconvenience. Men are consciously or
unconsciously always testing how much
you would inconvenience yourself for
him. Not because that would reflect how
valuable you are to him. more because
the more you are inconveniencing
yourself for him, the less respect he
has for you. And the reason for that is
because men are maybe emotionally not
that expressing and not that let's say
smart many times, but they are not dump.
They deeply know when a woman is doing
something out of insecurity, out of
fear, out of a place of neediness
because she doesn't see her worth
herself. Thing I want to talk about is
lastm minute meetings, dates,
appointments, whatever. When a man is
always hitting you up at 2 am, at 1:00
a.m., always after he just finished with
his friends and randomly out of the
blue, he's texting you, "Hey, are you
free? Are you available? Let's catch up.
Can I pass by? Can you pass by?" And
every time you say, "Yes, of course.
Let's meet. Let's do something. Can't
wait to see you." Whatever you say,
you're going to meet him. He will be
thinking, "Wow, she has nothing more
important than me in her life." You put
him on such a high pedestal, not only in
your life, also in his life. He
understands, "Wow, she's actually
so into me. She would do everything for
me. She would leave everything at any
hour in the day just to see me."
He doesn't know if you're actually free
or not, but in his mind, you must be
busy with something. A man that doesn't
know you yet is always holding you in
such a high regard. And he is always
thinking, "She must be so busy. She must
be doing something that must be more
important than him. Even if that means
you're taking care of yourself, you're
sleeping, you are journaling. All of
these things are normally, usually, and
must be more important than him. Now, of
course, if you're giving him the signal
that you're always available, he loses
respect. It's simple as that. He cannot
see you anymore in that high regard
because you're anyways always available.
And if you think about Hermes, Hermes
has the Birkin bags and they have some
bags that are always available.
>> [snorts]
>> Why do you think the Birkin bags have
more value? The Birkin bags are so
desired all over the world because they
are not available to everyone and not
all the time. Even if you have all the
money, even if you have all the
resources, all the contacts, there is a
chance that you won't get a Birkin bag.
And if you get one, you won't get the
exact color that you want. But of
course, like any other bag in Hermes
mess that you can just go into the store
and get the bag directly at any time of
the day, it reflects in the price. And
the same way is with men. Human
psychology works always the same way.
And if you want to be respected, you
simply have to follow the rules. Now, to
pass this test, say always to any lastm
minute date. And to be honest, for me, a
lastm minute date is also if someone
tells me if I'm available tomorrow, if
I'm available tonight, if I'm available
in 2 days, you, especially if you're a
man, must give me notice minimum 3 days
in advance. I am fully booked, fully
busy with myself, my own life, always 3
days ahead. And only if you're very
lucky, on the fourth day, I can find
some time for you on my terms. Now, even
if you're not busy and you have nothing
to do and you're dying to see this man,
do yourself a favor and pretend. You
don't have to be busy with appointments.
You can also be busy with taking care of
yourself. When I am planning to take a
bath, I am simply not available. It's an
appointment with myself and I put myself
in such a high regard that no man's
value or his regard could ever reach the
regard that I put myself on. The more
you are inconveniencing yourself for a
man, the less respect he will have for
you. Men are not seeing you as more
valuable because you do more for him. A
man actually sees you more valuable the
less you do for him. Especially in the
beginning, especially when you start
dating someone, when you start seeing
someone new and you're inconveniencing
yourself, it's almost like you are
giving away your value. And consciously
or unconsciously, a man will always push
those boundaries and test you and test
you. How far he can go? How far can I
go? How much more can I ask for? How
much more can I push her to do things
that she actually wouldn't want to do?
And the more he does that, the more he
likes himself, not you. The more you
stay on your ground and you're not
inconveniencing yourself for nobody, no
man, no friend, nobody,
the more will people respect you,
especially men. Now to give you an
example, let's say a man is asking you
if he can borrow your car while you are
at work. Now because you're not using it
anyways and he can get you to work and
then drive you back home and in the
meanwhile he can use your car. This is
actually inconveniencing yourself and
your life, but he's trying to turn it
into he's doing something good for you
and he's just using the car because he's
doing something good for you. You have
to understand that if a man is already
asking you something like this, he's
trying to push your boundaries, trying
to test you if he can go so far. No man
with his right mindsets that truly keeps
you in high value would ever ask you to
borrow your car, especially if you just
get to know him. Another example, God
forbid he's asking you for some money
because his salary is late and he's
having some shortcomings this month. If
he's asking you for money, you have to
ask yourself why does he even feel
comfortable to ask you instead of his
friends, his dad, his boss, anybody
else? He's asking you. Why is that?
Because he wants to test you. How far
can he go? Would she inconvenience
herself? And even if you're swimming in
money, if you are borrowing money to a
man, you are inconveniencing yourself.
This is not your role on this earth. If
you are a woman, you are not meant to
borrow money to a man. The more favors
you're doing for him, the more you are
inconveniencing yourself for him, the
less he will respect you. And apart from
that, you are lowering your standards to
the bare minimum. So next time a man is
asking you to inconvenience yourself,
you simply say no. And if he gets
offended, if he's mean, then you can
tell him that he should look for a girl
in his budget with standards in his
budget that he can actually afford. Now,
this is already the start from our next
point, which is being a pushover.
As a woman, you need to have very clear
and strict standards. Not because you're
some kind of selfish, disrespectful gold
digger. No, you need standards because
you need to make very clear what you
allow and what not and what kind of
relationship you expect. When a man is
starting to shout at you for the first
time, when a man is starting to call you
some names that he wouldn't call you in
an in any normal conversation, you
cannot think, "It's fine. I understand
where he's coming from. He has some
childhood traumas. Oh, I feel so sorry
for him. Actually, maybe I can help
him." No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no. You have to set your standards,
your boundaries, and tell him, listen,
this is not the relationship I want.
This is not the standards I have. This
is not how I feel respected. And if it's
going that way, this between us is not
aligning. Goodbye. more chances and
excuses you give for bad behavior, for
things that usually you wouldn't do or
respect, the less respect the man has
from you. And this psychologically just
makes sense because ultimately deep down
the line, it shows that you do not
respect yourself. When you have certain
standards in your life, you know, and
you say, "I want to have a relationship
going this way. I want to be respected
this way. I am respecting myself. I am
getting myself every week flowers. And
then you're having a man that is not
even getting you flowers once a month.
Then you are simply not respecting
yourself. You allowing someone in your
life that is treating you with less
respect, with less effort than you treat
yourself. And that should never ever be
the case because ultimately you're not
just showing you don't respect yourself
enough. You're also showing that you
have some luck that you're trying to
fill with another person, a man in your
life. Another person, a man, anyone
should never ever be more important than
you are. And ultimately also, how can
you respect a person that doesn't
respect herself? If you see someone
being super disrespectful to her or
himself, how can you respect that
person? You will be thinking, okay, why
you do that? Maybe I feel pity for you,
but I can't respect you. If you keep
telling me that you want to lose weight,
but every day I see you eating cake and
having lazy excuses why you eat cake and
why you're not losing weight. I'm sorry,
but I can't respect you. And men
definitely can't respect you either. The
truth is that a man is actually
respecting you more and more and more
the more you let him do for you. You put
him in his place and the more you set
your boundaries. And you have to think
about this like in military for example
men do respect their supervisors because
they set them boundaries. They say
exactly wake up at 5:00 a.m. whatever.
Do 100 push-ups. Do this and that. And
if you don't do that, there will be
consequences.
If there would not be consequences,
men wouldn't do
anything, right? And this again is just
human psychology. If there was no law
that says you're getting punished for
printing money, everyone would just keep
printing money. If there was no law for
stealing, everyone would just start
stealing. When there are no rules and
nobody is enforcing those rules, people
are not going to behave. And that same
way it is with men in a relationship, in
dating, whatever. You need to set your
own rules and enforce your rules.
Because if not, men going to do what
they going to do. They are pushing your
buttons. They are pushing your
boundaries. They are pushing everything
they can to get what they want. And if
they can get it with the least amount of
effort, why not? So, let's talk about
our next point. Getting intimate with a
man. Honestly, I'm not a saint and I
have given my body to way too many men
and way too early. And I have made this
exact mistake so many times. Last year,
I learned to really stay away from men
and not giving my body at all until I'm
married. But if that's not for you,
that's fine. That's why I'm not going to
tell you wait until you're married. Even
though I truly believe that's the only
way how you can actually gather
yourself, your thoughts, and your
energy, and become the most powerful,
attractive, and respected woman that you
can be. But again, that's an opinion
that I have. If that's not your opinion,
that's fine. So, I want to tell you
about the mistakes I did and how men are
testing you to get you in bed as quickly
as possible. The thing is, every man
that is going to meet you is meeting you
because he finds you attractive in the
first place. If he wants to marry you
later on, if he wants to get into a
relationship, he finds you attractive
and he wants to get physical with you.
He wants to get intimate with you.
That's just the truth. Right now, if
you're meeting a man and you tell him
from the very beginning, I'm not this
kind of girl. I'm not giving myself this
quickly. I am not sleeping with someone
or being intimate with someone on the
first date or on the first three dates.
And then you do it because he keeps
pushing your buttons. He notices you
want a family, you want a child. These
are your buttons that get you going. So,
he keeps telling you, "I'm going to make
you a baby or we would be such a nice
family. I already see us having such a
deep connection." I have never ever felt
something like this. Oh, look at your
belly. Our baby would look so nice in
there. He keeps pushing your buttons
because he notices that's what gets you
going. and then at the end of the night
you're going to sleep with him or at the
end of the second or third date you're
going to sleep with him. He's losing all
respect. Even if he might was thinking
in the beginning that you are maybe a
wifey material. You lost it all. He's
losing all his respect because you
couldn't keep yourself together. you
couldn't hold your own standards for him
and he will be counting oneon-one
together. If you cannot hold your
standards for him when you're together,
the chances are very high that just
another man can come, pushes your
buttons, and you will give in again.
Now, my recommendation, if you do not
want to wait until married, wait minimum
minimum 3 to 6 months before you sleep
with a man. if he gets disinterested
because you didn't sleep with him, he
was anyways not interested in a
long-term thing with you. But if you
think you just cannot hold yourself,
better don't say anything. Do not tell
him that you're not that type of girl.
Do not tell him that you're different.
Do not tell him anything like that when
you already know that it's difficult for
you to hold this standard. Now we have
last minute, we have pushover, we have
inconvenience and getting intimate.
Let's get into the next two tests which
are disappearing and withdrawing. When a
man is suddenly disappearing,
withdrawing into his cave and not being
so attentive anymore or not reaching out
anymore so often. He is trying to test
you how much you put him on a pedestal
and how much power he actually has over
you. Unfortunately, many men, not all of
course, but many men do use this power
to manipulate you. So they are trying to
test you. Can I get some reaction from
her? Can I get some attention from her
when I draw back? when I remove suddenly
my attention when I remove my energy
from her. This is a bit messed up but
that's the truth and I want you to be
very aware of those tests so that you
can either immediately disqualify those
type of men or gain respect from those
men. Whenever a man is disappearing or
withdrawing his attention and energy, do
not spiral. And the easiest way to not
spiral is to have your own life going
on. And as I already mentioned
throughout the video, put yourself on
that pedestal. You are a queen. And you
need to treat yourself as that queen. He
is not your king. He might be the king
on your side, but he's never ruling over
you. And you can never ever give him the
place on top of you. Now have your own
life going on. Don't be so boring. Have
some hobbies. Prioritize your self-care
as you would have constantly
appointments going on. My appointment is
in the morning taking my supplements,
doing my skincare routine, in the night
doing my skincare routine, having 8 to
12 hours sleep every single night. These
are my non-negotiable appointments. And
no man is more important than my
non-negotiable appointments every single
day. When he's disappearing, make
yourself more busy than usual. Read
books, meet your friends, whatever. But
do not reach out. He's trying to get
attention and energy from you and is
trying to test how far he can go, how
much power he does have over you. And
then when he recognizes that he has the
power, he will use it in his favor. Now,
in order to not spiral, you also need
emotional control. And this is the last
point for today. It's so so important
that you don't swallow down your
emotions, ignore your emotions, but have
them in control, have them in check.
When a man notices that your emotions
have control over you, he can play with
you like this little marionets and
simply pull string after string for you
to do specific things in his favor. You
need to know yourself and your triggers.
so good and so well that you also know
exactly how you can regulate yourself.
For example, when you know that every
time a man is disappearing, you're
spiraling. You're afraid of abandonment,
of being neglected, and it creates a
feeling in you that literally makes you
shake, that makes you feel so sad, that
makes you feel like you're having almost
withdrawal symptoms. You need to find a
simple way how you can regulate your
emotions in that very moment. For me,
for example, the only way how I truly
can regulate is when I call my best
friend or my mom. When I talk about what
I feel and what is happening in my life.
This is so so important because when you
do something out of emotions, you do
things that you usually wouldn't do.
You're not acting rational. Why? One of
the most important skills you can have
as a woman is emotional regulation. Find
a way to regulate those emotions, which
can be through going to the gym, going
for a walk, listening to music, calling
your best friend, calling your mom,
whatever it is. Try to find your way how
to regulate your emotions the best way
possible without harming yourself. Don't
use substances or destruction to
regulate your emotions. That's not what
it is about. This will always backfire
and not do the job at all. Ultimately,
when a man notices that he cannot just
trigger your emotions and you're going
to do everything for him, he will truly
start to respect you. Another example is
when a man is trying to control you with
money. This ultimately is emotional
control because he notices every time
he's spending money on you, every time
he's taking you on expensive dinner
dates, every time he's taking you on an
expensive holiday, spending in luxurious
expensive hotels, you are falling for
him over and over again. Doesn't matter
what he does. He's using this power to
control you because he notices your
emotions get the best of you once he
gives you that specific thing. He is
pushing those specific buttons. And also
in that case you need to know and learn
how to regulate your emotions. You
cannot get overly excited over some
material things, over some expensive
dinners or hotels or holidays because
ultimately men are not dump. They notice
and when they notice, they will use it
to their advantage knowingly or
unknowingly.
And again, this is simple human
psychology. And you and me and your
bestie, my bestie, your mom, my mom, we
are all not different. We are operating
the same exact way just on a different
spectrum. Now these were some of the
tests. If you want to know the exact
ways how men are testing you in your
daily and the exact ways how you can
pass those tests to gain respect. I put
everything together in a spreadsheet and
you can download it in the link below. I
hope this could help. That's it for
today. Thank you so much for watching. I
see you in my next video. Bye-bye.